# meeting minutes

## past week's changes
- any?

## project mgmt
- milestone v1.5 - status
- issue with debian and symantec certificates
  - devsrv2 (ubuntu) ok
  - devsrv still broken (but fresh debian 10 installation is also working)
- betriebsferien - feedback - forecast next weeks
- brainstorming recertification process?
  - recertification responsibility for a rule / rule ownership: requester, request approver in workflow, destination service owner, client ip owner (or user!) 

## next steps
- rule headings
- password change of a user (non-external)
- reporting right sidebar - objects are currently not fetched correctly
- issue #504 use (external) ldap group within roles, always need to resolve group during login, never store passwords or ext. group content locally!

## decisions / sessions
- is it wise to delete ldap config dir in every upgrade? but always make sure that /var/run/slapd dir is present
- reporting - right sidebar:  drop report view or all view vs. fully implement both?  
- revisit: db clean-up moved to phase 2, metadata also dependant on recertification

## presentations (April/May)
- Nils to prepare short workshop on c# issues
  - force rendering (when to use StateHasChanged, ...)
  - async tasks
- Yannik to show 2FA for github
  
## misc
## development tools
