# meeting minutes

## past week's changes
- filling and translation of help pages (Ralf, Valentin, Tim), Achim
- website <https://fwo.cactus.de/>
- documents (support, data sheet, ...) <https://github.com/CactuseSecurity/firewall-orchestrator/issues/176> - show support contract, and other documents

## next steps
- go live 2021-06-28
- check out github features like wiki, statistics, ...
- add logo (png) to UI
- choose license - Apache 2 - <https://github.com/CactuseSecurity/firewall-orchestrator/issues/560>
- git magic
  - tag branch
  - rename master to main - e.g. <https://www.hostinger.com/tutorials/how-to-rename-a-git-branch/>
  - update develop branch
  - decide on working on develop branch from now on
- move parts to private part(s)  ;-)
  - meeting-minutes or entire developer-docs dir?
- Public Relations & Marketing
  - logo: ![logo-square](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19877770/123132085-9fe42a00-d44e-11eb-9988-e82f56b0f050.png)
  - first publication in <https://www.it-finanzmagazin.de/>
- bug fixing
- 2FA for github
- recert - completed PoC - think about how to implement this from a standard workflow tool with API calls to FWO
- new cleanup phase 2.1 with housekeeping issues
- discuss filter line - <https://github.com/CactuseSecurity/firewall-orchestrator/issues/897>

## project mgmt
- wait for PR results, summer break, celebrate
- source code structure review and optimization (worst case: documentation ;-)

## design

## decisions / sessions

## presentations
- Nils to prepare short workshop on c# issues
  - force rendering (when to use StateHasChanged, ...)
  - async tasks
- Achim to present UI form grid functionality
  
## misc
## development tools
